Added Solution to #4 (#8)
Developer-Students-Club-MAIT/cool_code_snippets: snippets/typescript/frequencyOfCharacters.md

> # Count amount of characters in a given string, output to .txt file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Count frequency of unique characters in a string
```
